---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Concurrent Programming 

## Thread
x
```Java
//Main thread is T0
t1 = new Thread(s1); //CREATE
t1.start(); //START
s2();
t1.join(); //Join/Wait
s3().
```

### DeadLock
The two thread are going to join to each other. Therefore, they will wait forever and cause a deadlock.
```Java
//Main thread is T0
t1 = new Thread(s1); 
t2 = new Thread(s2);
t1.start(); 
t2.start();
s1 = t2.join();
s2 = t1.join();
```

## Structured Locks

Key in concurrent programming: When you using threads, you need to be careful about how they access shared resources. Avoid data races using proper synchronization, and use wait and notify when certain conditions occur.

### Data Race
``` java
INCR(A){
    A.count = A.count-1;
}
```
If two thread are proforming the same method, they could read and write at the same time, which causes the result unpredictable. This phenomenon is called Data Race.

### Synchronized
``` java
INCR(A){
    Synchronized(A){ //Acquires A
        A.count = A.count-1;
    } //Releases A
}
```
Synchronized is a method that ensures that only one thread can acquire the data at a time.

```Java
X = {Buffer, input, output}

INSERT(item){
    Synchronized(X){ WAIT IF X IS FULL
        Buffer[input] = item;
        input++;
    }
}

REMOVE(){
    Synchronized(X){ WAIT IF X IS EMPTY
        item = Buffer[output];
        output++;
        NOTIFY IF IT IS COMPLETED
        return item
    }
}
```

## Unstructured Locks

Consider the linked process N1 -> N2 -> N3 -> N4.

```java
Try LOCK(L1);
    if (success){
        LOCK(L2)
        WORK(N1,N2)
        UNLOCK(L1)
        LOCK(L3)
        WORK(N2,N3)
        UNLOCK(L2)
        LOCK(L4)
        WORK(N3,N4)
        UNLOCK(L4)
    }
```

## Liveness
The term “liveness” refers to a progress guarantee. The three progress guarantees that correspond to the absence of the conditions listed above are deadlock freedom, livelock freedom, and starvation freedom. 

### Dead Lock
The first is deadlock, in which all threads are blocked indefinitely, thereby preventing any forward progress. 
### Live Lock
The second is livelock, in which all threads repeatedly perform an interaction that prevents forward progress, e.g., an infinite “loop” of repeating lock acquire/release patterns. 
ex. If T1 +1, T2 -1 the process will live forever.

### Starvation
The third is starvation, in which at least one thread is prevented from making any forward progress. 

## Dining Philosophers
N philosophers sit in a round table, and there are N chopsticks besides them. The philosophers can think and pick up the chopstick on their left side, or pick up the chopstick on their right side. When they have a pair of chopsticks, they could start eating dinner. 

You may encounter deadlock or livelock when solving the problem.

## Critical Section
