# 精简状语从句（主语一致）

export const Highlight = ({children, color}) => (
  <span
    style={{
      backgroundColor: color,
      borderRadius: '2px',
      color: '#fff',
      padding: '0.2rem',
    }}>
    {children}
  </span>
);

## 状语都是描述性信息 Doing/Done

### 构造两个简单句

### 主语一致
1. <Highlight color="#25c2a0">选定其中一句话做状语</Highlight>
2. <Highlight color="#25c2a0">省略作状语的句子主语</Highlight>
3. <Highlight color="#25c2a0">被省略的主语后的动词变成 v+ing（如果是being可以省略）</Highlight>

### 主语不一致=&gt;主语不能省略
- 独立主格
- 独立成分


## 非谓语动词表示被动

- (Because the boy **was) beaten** by a girl, the boy cried.
- (Because **being) beaten** by a girl, the boy cried.
- **_Beaten by a girl, the boy cried. (先哭还是先被打 不明)_**


- After the boy **had been beaten** by a girl, the boy cried.
- After **having been beaten** by a girl, the boy cried.
- **_Having been beaten by a girl, the boy cried. （先被打后哭）_**


- While the boy **was being** beaten by a girl, the boy cried.
- While **being** **being beaten** by a girl, the boy cried.
- **_Being beaten by a girl, the boy cried.(边被打边哭）_**

### 例子：做完家庭作业，我就回家了。

简单句（相同主语）：
I had finished my homework.
I went home.

状语从句（5.5—6）：
After I **had finished** my homework, I went home.

简化为介词短语作状语：
After **having** finished my homework, I went home.

精简化的分词从句：
**Having finished** my home work, I went home. 

————————————————————————

## 原因状语
- I **was** very thirsty. / I drank up all the water in the bottle.
- Because I was very thirsty, I drank up all the water in the bottle.
- (Being) Very thirsty, I drank up all the water in the bottle.


- I **was** sick. / I stayed at home.
- Because I was sick, I stayed at home.
- **Being** sick, I stayed at home.

## 时间状语
- I **was asked** to cheat. / I refused.
- When I was asked to cheat, I refused.
- (**Being**) **Asked** to cheat, I refused.


- I **looked** around. / I realized with a shock that…
- When I looked around, I realized…
- **Looking** around, I realized with a shock that…


- They **were** very excited./ They **dug** a hole two feet deep.
- (Being) Very excited, they **dug** a hole two feet deep.

————————————————————————

- He **was** dressed up as Father Christmas.
- He **was** accompanied by six pretty girls.
- He set off down the Main Street of the city.
- He **rode** a baby elephant.
- The elephant was called Jumbo.

- (Being) Dressed up as Father Christmas and (being) accompanied by six pretty girls, he set off down the main street of the city riding a baby elephant called Jumbo.

- &lt;As town gradually expanded&gt;, `water` was brought from increasingly remote sources, **leading** to sophisticated engineering efforts such as dams and aqueducts.

- &lt;By the mid-1960s&gt;, `the situation` took an alarming turn with the outbreak of four more new pests, **necessitating** pesticide spraying to **such** an extent &lt;**that** 50% of the financial outlay on cotton production was accounted for by pesticides.&gt;

- **(Being) Impressed** by the element’s combustibility, several 17th century chemists used it to manufacture fire lighting devices, | but the results were dangerously.


