---
sidebar_position: 6
---

退一步说/虽然/即使

### 1. Although / though

虽然 (不能和but连用（两个连接词在同一个句子），但可以和yet_still 连用（副词）
- `Although I am living in a noisy city`, I desire a green forest.

### 2. Even if / even though 尽管
- I’ve decided to forgive him ` even though he deeply hurt my feeling`.

### 3. In spite of / despite sth / despite the fact that 
In spite of / despite the heavy rain outside, she dashed out without any hesitation. 


### 4. While A..., B... 尽管(句首)
- `While I understand your point of view`, I don’t agree with you.

### 5. Notwithstanding sth/that
- **Notwithstanding** a steady decline in numbers, the school has had a very successful year.

- **Notwithstanding** differences, there are clear similarities in all of the world's religions.

- Fame and fortune **notwithstanding**, Donna never forgot her hometown.

- Language difficulties **notwithstanding**, he soon grew to love the country and its people.

- **Notwithstanding** that the hall was packed with bullies, our champion played on steadily and patiently.

### 6. No matter + 特殊疑问词
- `No matter what/whatever nonsense the paper print`, some people always believe it.
- `No matter where/wherever she goes`, there are crowd of people waiting to see her.

**whoever, whichever, whenever, wherever, however**

- `No matter how/however` I approached the problem, I cannot find a solution.

### 7. As much as 主语 + 谓语, 句子

**As much as** I love you, I still have to say goodbye.

**As much as** I with I could, I can't help you this time.

### 8. As 倒装形式（adj. / adv. / n. / v.用在as之前)

1. Adj. + as
    - Young as he is, he knows a lot.
	- Rich as he is, he is not happy.
	- Tired as I was, I try to help them.
    - Slow as the traditional mail may seem, it cannot be replaced altogether for the simple reason that...


2. Adv. (much) 
	- Much as I like you, I will not marry you. 
    - Hard as he worked, he made little progress.
	- Much as I hate do it, I must stay home and study English.


3. V. + as
	- Try as they may, they will never succeed.  
	- Object as my parents may, I decide to do it.


4. N. + as
    - Child as he is, he is knowledgeable.
	- Lazy a boy as he is, he is kind to help others.

