# 副词性连词的效果

## Self-Editing Strategies

Try reading the punctuation out loud:
-   "However **COMMA** the research was unsuccessful."
-   "Although the research was unsuccessful **BEEP** the researchers did come to some interesting conclusions."

Replace conjunctions or transitions if they start to sound repetitive.

If you've used "so" twice, try using "therefore", "since", or "because" instead.

## Without Transitions

Prince Hamlet devotes himself to avenging his father's death. He is contemplative and thoughtful by nature. He delays, entering into a deep melancholy and even apparent madness. Claudius and Gertrude worry about the prince's erratic behavior. They employ a pair of Hamlet's friends, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, to watch him. Polonius suggests that Hamlet may be mad with love for his daughter, Ophelia. Claudius agrees to spy on Hamlet. Hamlet certainly seems mad. He does not seem to love Ophelia. He orders her to enter a nunnery.

## With Transitions

Prince Hamlet devotes himself to avenging his father's death. He is **, however,** contemplative and thoughtful by nature **, so** he delays, entering into a deep melancholy and even apparent madness. **Meanwhile,** Claudius and Gertrude worry about the prince's erratic behavior. **Consequently**, they employ a pair of Hamlet's friends, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, to watch him. **When** Polonius suggests that Hamlet may be mad with love for his daughter, Ophelia. Claudius agrees to spy on Hamlet. **Although** Hamlet certainly seems mad **, and** he does not seem to love Ophelia. He orders her to enter a nunnery.