# 精简状语从句（主语一致）

export const H1 = ({children}) => (
  <span
    style={{
      backgroundColor: '#1877F2',
      borderRadius: '2px',
      color: '#fff',
      padding: '0.2rem',
    }}>
    {children}
  </span>
);

export const H2 = ({children, color}) => (
  <span
    style={{
      backgroundColor: '#25c2a0',
      borderRadius: '2px',
      color: '#fff',
      padding: '0.2rem',
    }}>
    {children}
  </span>
);

## 状语都是描述性信息 Doing/Done

### 构造两个简单句

### 主语一致
1. <H2>选定其中一句话做状语</H2>
2. <H2>省略作状语的句子主语</H2>
3. <H2>被省略的主语后的动词变成 v+ing（如果是being可以省略）</H2>

### 主语不一致=&gt;主语不能省略
<H2>独立成分</H2> : 与另一句的主语没有逻辑关系<br/>
<H2>独立主格</H2> : 与另一句的主语有逻辑关系<br/>


## 非谓语动词表示被动

- (Because the boy <H1>was) beaten</H1> by a girl, the boy cried.
- (Because <H1>being) beaten</H1> by a girl, the boy cried.
- <H1>Beaten by a girl, the boy cried. (先哭还是先被打 不明)</H1>


- After the boy <H1>had been beaten</H1> by a girl, the boy cried.
- After <H1>having been beaten</H1> by a girl, the boy cried.
- <H1>Having been beaten by a girl, the boy cried. （先被打后哭）</H1>


- While the boy <H1>was being</H1> beaten by a girl, the boy cried.
- While <H1>being</H1> <H1>being beaten</H1> by a girl, the boy cried.
- <H1>Being beaten by a girl, the boy cried.(边被打边哭）</H1>

### 例子：做完家庭作业，我就回家了。

简单句（相同主语）：
I had finished my homework.
I went home.

状语从句（5.5—6）：
After I <H1>had finished</H1> my homework, I went home.

简化为介词短语作状语：
After <H1>having</H1> finished my homework, I went home.

精简化的分词从句：
<H1>Having finished</H1> my home work, I went home. 

————————————————————————

## 原因状语
- I <H1>was</H1> very thirsty. / I drank up all the water in the bottle.
- Because I was very thirsty, I drank up all the water in the bottle.
- (Being) Very thirsty, I drank up all the water in the bottle.


- I <H1>was</H1> sick. / I stayed at home.
- Because I was sick, I stayed at home.
- <H1>Being</H1> sick, I stayed at home.

## 时间状语
- I <H1>was asked</H1> to cheat. / I refused.
- When I was asked to cheat, I refused.
- (<H1>Being</H1>) <H1>Asked</H1> to cheat, I refused.


- I <H1>looked</H1> around. / I realized with a shock that…
- When I looked around, I realized…
- <H1>Looking</H1> around, I realized with a shock that…


- They <H1>were</H1> very excited./ They <H1>dug</H1> a hole two feet deep.
- (Being) Very excited, they <H1>dug</H1> a hole two feet deep.

————————————————————————

- He <H1>was</H1> dressed up as Father Christmas.
- He <H1>was</H1> accompanied by six pretty girls.
- He set off down the Main Street of the city.
- He <H1>rode</H1> a baby elephant.
- The elephant was called Jumbo.

- (Being) Dressed up as Father Christmas and (being) accompanied by six pretty girls, he set off down the main street of the city riding a baby elephant called Jumbo.

- &lt;As town gradually expanded&gt;, `water` was brought from increasingly remote sources, <H1>leading</H1> to sophisticated engineering efforts such as dams and aqueducts.

- &lt;By the mid-1960s&gt;, `the situation` took an alarming turn with the outbreak of four more new pests, <H1>necessitating</H1> pesticide spraying to <H1>such</H1> an extent &lt;<H1>that</H1> 50% of the financial outlay on cotton production was accounted for by pesticides.&gt;

- <H1>(Being) Impressed</H1> by the element’s combustibility, several 17th century chemists used it to manufacture fire lighting devices, | but the results were dangerously.


